>> Estelle Weyl: So
in this example, there is striping.
And this is how we used to do striping
before we actually realized it's much
easier to do with
repeating linear gradients.
So reason this one works is
because it's exactly 135 degrees,
and because the first quarter of
the image, the top left corner is
transparent, and
the bottom right corner is transparent.
And so it's basically
the same color is repeating,
so it's being placed on top of it.
If I actually change the degrees,
and I don't think I can,
cuz I don't think this is live,
130, no, yep, it is.
You see how it breaks,
and you see how it breaks?
It's just basically cuz
it's perfectly measured to,
>> Estelle Weyl: 135 degrees.
A much easier way to do it is to say
let's do a repeating linear gradient.
Now, it repeats, and
the last color is purple.
So right here,
you'll see that I'm using pixels,
length units, instead of percentages.
Now if I change the last one to 20%,
>> Estelle Weyl: They
would repeat five times across the page.
Because the last color stop,
the length unit of the last color stop,
whatever that length is,
that is the width of your gradient.
That is your gradient size.
So here, before I had 120 pixels, so
each line of color was 20 pixels wide.
And when it reached the 120 pixel mark,
it started again with the color red.
So repeating linear gradients
take the exact same syntax,
except for it says repeating in
front of the word linear gradient.
So it's repeating-linear-gradient
instead of linear-gradient.
You can do to top right,
to top left, same angles.
>> Estelle Weyl: 45 degrees would
be the same, degrees, right?
And notice if I say 0, that's not valid.
But okay, I guess it did work,
because that's a default.
>> Estelle Weyl: So let's go back to
an angle, 135 degrees, cuz I like that.
So,
>> Estelle Weyl: This gradient is going
from red to orange to yellow
to green to blue to purple.
And the last purple, the last spot,
is the 120 pixel mark.
That means my gradient is 120
pixels wide and then it repeats.
So the other gradient is
basically from 0 to the 100% mark,
unless you use background size.
So if I did actually background size,
>> Estelle Weyl: I
can't do that on this one.
Let's copy this over,
and go back two slides.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
put in background-image, right?
If I did background-size,
>> Estelle Weyl: 120 pixels.
>> Estelle Weyl: Semi-colon.
I would start getting really ugly stuff.
>> Estelle Weyl: If I did 240 pixels,
>> Estelle Weyl: It's perfect.
2,400 pixels, that's why.
240 pixels, it's still ugly.
But it's repeating twice
within each gradient.
You see how in this box right here,
in this background-image,
the size is 240 by 240.
Let's just do background-repeat,
no-repeat, so I can point it out.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so you see here,
there's more than two red lines.
>> Estelle Weyl: And the reason there's
more than two red lines is because,
it's basically there's two blue lines,
there's two purple lines.
But there's a little bit more room, it's
because of where the gradient line goes.
If I actually did zero degrees,
there would be two of each.
>> Estelle Weyl: Actually no,
there's more than two of each.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Let's do it 90 degrees.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay,
there it's exactly two.
There's two red lines,
there's two purple lines.
But if I did percentage, right, and
I did,
>> Estelle Weyl: 50%,
>> Estelle Weyl: It's the exact same.
But if I did 100%,
>> Estelle Weyl: Basically,
the purple goes from the 100 pixels to 240
because my background image is 240 pixels.
And then if I did repeat,
it would actually repeat.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so one other thing
in gradients before I move off this slide
is, you don't want to mix
percentages with lengths,
because if you mix percentages
with lengths, that percentage,
when I said 50%, if it was 240 pixels,
that would have been great.
But what if I change my
background size to 60 pixels?
>> Estelle Weyl: So you can mix, but
it can have unintended consequences.